# README #

### What is this repository for? ###


myretail-product-service is designed as a microservice to retrieve product information. There are two pieces of information needed to be retrieved. Product Name is retrieved by calling another Restful service. The endpoint is made configurable so that if in case it changes in future, it can be modified in yml file easily.

The second piece of information that is to be retrieved is product price. Product price is stored in elasticsearch datastore in "products" index. Jest Client implementation is done to perform queries against elasticsearch as well as update price information in the Index.

The index information, elasticsearch connection parameters are made as configurable items. As the needs of MyRetail change, we have ability to configure accordingly with out having to make code changes and there by aavoiding deployment.

The application is designed as multiproject gradle repository. The idea behind this approach is to reuse the common libraries such as myretail-product-api, myretail-jest-common. Each subprojects are explained in subsequent pages.

### How do I get set up? ###

•Install docker machine, docker-compose.

•Clone docker-main ecosystem from https://bitbucket.org/venkatnimmaturi/docker-main-ecosystem

•Clone myretail-product-manager from https://bitbucket.org/venkatnimmaturi/myretail-product-manager

•Clone myretail-elastic repository from https://bitbucket.org/venkatnimmaturi/myretail-elastic

•Import the cloned repositories to STS.

•Run "myretail-product-service" spring boot application in "Boot Dashboard". The REST API service should run on 8082 port.



Please see src/static/docs/index.html for complete documentation which is generated by asciidoctor.